1. Super Store

  Build an online shopping interface where buyers and sellers can buy and sell inventory and engage in efficient transactions across a wide range of products.
  
  Modules :
  
  Profile service.
  Inventory service.
  Order service.
  Payment service.
  
  Requirements :
  
  Allow buyers and sellers to register and log in.
  Allow sellers to manage their inventory of products. (Operations : addItem(), updateItem())
  Allow buyers to add items to the cart, place the order, and make payment (Operations: listInventory(), butItem(), addToCart(), makePayment ()).
  Orders should be validated against inventory.
  Password validation and encryption.

2.  Design a Call taxi booking application
-There are n number of taxi’s. For simplicity, assume 4. But it should work for any number of taxi’s.
-The are 6 points(A,B,C,D,E,F)
-All the points are in a straight line, and each point is 15kms away from the adjacent points.
-It takes 60 mins to travel from one point to another
-Each taxi charges Rs.100 minimum for the first 5 kilometers and Rs.10 for the subsequent kilometers.
-For simplicity, time can be entered as absolute time. Eg: 9hrs, 15hrs etc.
-All taxi’s are initially stationed at A.
-When a customer books a Taxi, a free taxi at that point is allocated
-If no free taxi is available at that point, a free taxi at the nearest point is allocated.
-If two taxi’s are free at the same point, one with lower earning is allocated
-Note that the taxi only charges the customer from the pickup point to the drop point. Not the distance it travels from an adjacent point to pickup the customer.
-If no taxi is free at that time, booking is rejected

Design modules for

  i) Call taxi booking 
    Input 1:
    Customer ID: 1
    Pickup Point: A
    Drop Point: B
    Pickup Time: 9
    
    Output 1:
    Taxi can be allotted.
    Taxi-1 is allotted
    
    Input 2:
    Customer ID: 2
    Pickup Point: B
    Drop Point: D
    Pickup Time: 9
    
    Output 1:
    Taxi can be allotted.
    Taxi-2 is allotted 
    (Note: Since Taxi-1 would have completed its journey when second booking is done, so Taxi-2 from nearest point A which is free is allocated)
    
    
    Input 3:
    Customer ID: 3
    Pickup Point: B
    Drop Point: C
    Pickup Time: 12
    
    Output 1:
    Taxi can be allotted.
    Taxi-1 is allotted

    ii) Display the Taxi details
        Taxi No:    Total Earnings:
        BookingID    CustomerID    From    To    PickupTime    DropTime    Amount
           
        Output:
        Taxi-1    Total Earnings: Rs. 400
        
        1     1     A    B    9    10    200
        3    3    B    C    12    13    200
        
        Taxi-2 Total Earnings: Rs. 350
        2    2    B    D    9    11    350 
